So
it is clear that the holiday m
what
life according to the company that gives us
feeling of life
more than estimated
volume in the universe in which we are today
we feel ourselves
according to our feelings
in which we exist
this is the burden of the building called our world
these are very small volumes from the whole world
summit buildings
and
in him
we stay some definite
the amount of time and events we experience
him
in order to
some kind of specific information
and then percent get out of this
states
previously out in the field
start to feel full surround
building
its true after all
our world is common
the so-called ultimate measure
including ours
our existence is therefore called
regarding this full volume
small little such existence in
Generally there is no having
m implicit
feeling of real life
because real life is completely not
what we feel today we are
we feel practically with you in general, then even
animals existence
all about what we do we
serving our animal bodies
to make it comfortable to feed him well
give it all and enjoyment which
Aek wants to rob himself
most comfortable according to
This bore imagine if
near your favorite home
animal and we forget all the time
this is basically our life
and only animals we want children
not development
the flight was good to them
provide in the future
in animals it is at the level of instinct
very clearly manifested in them
taking care of yourself and the future generation of it
the most important thing
for the existence of such a necessary
there is further
if someone is there
so that
n in this respect animals in our world
regarding
fake world where you are not called exactly
there we call with man